I ain't never met a girl before
That came on in and shook up my life
Someone who'd make me give up everything
Go for broke and fall in love
And baby girl that's something
OH! My heart my time, its nothing
Girl OH! Her kiss, just can't do without it
OH! There's something 'bout the things you do
Ho! and every time I think of you
I get excited 'cause you're my girl

(That girl)
Just the way I like it
Gotta have it just the way
(That girl) Keep me open I be hopin that I'm gone be with (that girl)
I can't believe (that girl)
She's killing me
Crazy, Sexy, Cool baby you that girl.

Nothing bout this girl is typical
Body right out Vibe Magazine
And she's just so incredible
She's the type of girl that you might search your whole life for
OH! My heart my time its nothing
Girl OH! Her kiss, just can't do without it
OH! something 'bout the things
Ho! you do and every time I think of you
I get excited 'cause you're my girl

(That girl)
Just the way I like it
Gotta have it just the way


(That girl) Keep me open I be hopin that I'm gon' be with (that girl)
I can't believe (that girl) is killing me Crazy, Sexy, Cool baby you that girl.

Baby takes me high
I just can't explain it somethings got me feeling you love
Baby but even if I try
I could never shake it
Ooh my baby's got me in love

(That girl) That girl that girl ha, ha, ha

(That girl) That girl that girl ha, ha, ha

That girl That girl that girl ha, ha, ha (She knows how to do it yeah yeah)

That girl That girl that girl ha, ha, ha (she knows how to do it)

(That girl)
Just the way I like it
Gotta have it just the way
(That girl) Keep me open I be hopen that I'm gon be with that (that girl)
I can't believe (that girl) is killing me Crazy,
Sexy (you crazy girl and you so sexy baby),
Cool baby you that girl.

That girl That girl, ha, ha, ha

That girl that girl that girl (Oh that girl you know I like that girl)
That girl

That girl that girl (Oh that girl) that girl
Crazy, sexy (that girl that girl)
Cool (oh that girl you know I like that girl)
Baby you that girl